From: Google Play Support <no-reply-googleplay-developer@google.com>
Date: Wed, 02 Aug 2023 19:35:47 -0700
Subject: Action Required: Your app is not compliant with Google Play Policies (Sample App)

Google Play

Developer update


Hi Developers at Sample Team,

After a recent review, we found that your app Sample App (com.example.sampleapp)
is not compliant with one or more of our Developer Program Policies. See
below for more information about your app's status and how to correct the
issue.


Publishing Status
App Status: Rejected

Your app has been rejected and wasn't published due to the policy issue(s)
listed below. If you submitted an update, the previous version of your app
is still available on Google Play.


Issue found: Violation of Content Ratings policy

After reviewing your app, we believe that the content rating is not
accurate. Follow the numbered steps in this email to retake your app's
rating questionnaire. Be sure to provide complete and accurate responses.
To better understand the ratings categories, regional coverage, and content
ratings policy, see the Content ratings for apps and games article.

If you have questions about the rating assigned to your app, contact the
rating authority directly using the link provided in your certificate email.

Issue details

We found an issue in the following area(s):


App screenshot (ko-KR): Please see attached screenshot
APP_SCREENSHOT-2908.png

Additionally, follow these steps to bring your app into compliance:


Read the Content Ratings page to better understand content ratings and how
they're used.

Review the Ratings questionnaire help page for definitions of terms and
content examples.

Make sure your app category or tag is accurate in your app's store listing
page.

For guidance, see Choose a category and tags for your app or game.

Retake the rating questionnaire by following the steps listed in the How to
complete a rating questionnaire section of the Content ratings for apps and
games. Answer all questions accurately.

About the Content Ratings policy
Content ratings on Google Play are provided by the International Age Rating
Coalition (IARC) and are designed to help developers communicate locally
relevant content ratings to users. Regional IARC authorities maintain
guidelines which are used to determine the maturity level of the content in
an app. We don't allow apps without a content rating on Google Play.
Content ratings are used to inform consumers, especially parents, of
potentially objectionable content that exists within an app.


Visit Google Play's Academy for App Success to get contextual learning on
this Google Play policy.


Action required: Submit an updated app for review
Here's what to do to help get your app on Google Play:

Make sure to read the applicable policies or requirements listed below:

Content Ratings policy

Make appropriate changes to your app (if possible), and be sure to address
the issue described above. You may also want to check your app's store
listing for compliance, if applicable.
Double check that your app is compliant with all other Developer Program
Policies.
If you made changes to your app bundle, store listing, or APK, please sign
in to your Play Console and submit the update(s).

Contact support
If you've reviewed the policy and feel our decision may have been in error,
please reach out to our policy support team. We'll get back to you within 2
business days.
Learn More

Visit the Android Developers Blog to learn more about free tools and
resources for building safe and successful apps. Check out the latest
Google Play Console Requirements, Device and Network Abuse, Financial
Services, and more! Watch this #PolicyBytes for all the details.

Thanks for your continued support in helping to make Google Play a positive
experience for both developers and consumers. We look forward to seeing an
updated version of your app on Google Play.

Please complete a two question survey to help us improve this experience.


The Google Play Team


LANG=en|MODE=M|REG=KR|TID=CW


© 2023 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

Click here to configure your notification preferences.

This message was sent to inform you about important updates to your Google
Play developer account.
